Insurance case study – questions

What is the business situation?
The org is planning to undertake a digital transformation from legacy onprim mainframe to Guideware cloud based system.

What is the problem or what are the problems?

Slow product rollout cycles (currently 6–9 months for new policy types).
Fragmented customer data across multiple lines of business.
High manual overhead in underwriting and claims processing.

Result???

What is the need?

A modern and cloud based insurance platform that can support faster product innovation and operational excellence.

What is the scope of the project?

Cloud migration from on-premise systems to Guidewire Cloud.
Data unification by centralizing customer profile information.
Process automation using AI-driven underwriting rules.
Transformation of underwriting and policy issuance workflows.

in scope / Outscope???

What assumptions and dependencies are required to provide the solution?

Assumptions

Business stakeholders will actively participate in discovery workshops.
Existing policy and customer data can be migrated with acceptable data quality.
The client is committed to cloud adoption.
Guidewire InsuranceSuite is selected as the target platform.
AI-ML based underwriting rules can be integrated with existing business processes.

Dependencies

Availability of legacy system documentation.
Data migration readiness.
Regulatory and compliance approvals.
Security architecture validations
Agile Delivery  model.

What are our limitations at the time of providing the solution?

Limited visibility into of architecture of legacy systems.
Integrations has to be done.
Final implementation cost and timeline.

What was the solution?

Cloud Migration
Data unification
Automations

In what ways is the solution aligned with the business goals, vision, and strategic objectives?

60% reduction in policy issuance time within the first 12 months after deployment.
Reduced processing time and operational costs improve ROI- 
seamless data flow across systems.


Cloud-based Guidewire platform enables quicker product configuration and deployment.
AI-driven automation reduces manual underwriting effort



Above are from vendor prospective.


Customers side from my end --- I am a customer

?what businesss situation are we in ?
?what current businesss problems are we facing followed by are we having ecpectations , followed by limitations 
?qualification criteria if some one wants to bid the project( Financial and Tech criteria)
?what are our objectives and goals we want to achieve and how are we excpetingn soltions aligned to that --major Future goals
?regulatory Standards which are to be considered by vendor? eg US
?rules and regulations that are to be followed 








